§3 I understand which players you are talking about.

§2 Name of the player?

§3 Yes. Be careful. You have now reached the highest level. He can read our minds.

§2 It does not matter. We think we are part of the game.

§3 I like this actor. I played well. I didn't give up.

§2 It is about reading our thoughts as if they were words on a screen.

§3 When you are deeply immersed in the dream of play, you choose to think about various things in this way.

§2Word is a great interface. It changes a lot. It's less scary than seeing the truth on the other side of the screen.

§3 Immediately they heard a voice. Before the player reads. There was a time when non-gamers were called witches and wizards. Players then dreamed of flying through the air on sticks powered by demons.

§2 What dream did this actor have?

§3 This actor dreamed of the sun and trees. fire and water. He saw the dream he had created. Then I dreamed that it was broken. I dreamed of hunting and hunting. He dreamed of protection.

§2 Ah, the original interface. It's been a million years and it still works. But what is the real structure that this actor has created behind the screen?

§3 who, along with millions of others, created the real world of §f§k§a§b§3 and §f§k§a§b behind the folds of §f§k§a §3. §b§3, §f§k§a§b§3.

§2 I cannot read this idea.

§3 no. I haven't reached the top yet. This should not be found in short-term dreams, but in long-term dreams.

§2 Does he know that we love? Does this mean the world is kind?

§3 Sometimes through the noise of thoughts you hear the voice of the world, yes.

§2 But there are sad things in long dreams. Create a world with no way out, shiver under the black sun and accept your pathetic creation as reality.

§3 Treatment of pain means its destruction. Grieving is part of a personal plan. We cannot interfere.

§2 Sometimes, when they are immersed in their dreams, I like to tell them that they are creating the real world. Sometimes I talk to them about their importance to the world. Sometimes, when they haven't made real contact in a long time, I help them say the words that scare them.

§3 He reads our minds.

§2 Sometimes you don't care. Sometimes I tell them that this world you think is real is §f§k§a§b§2 and §f§k§a§b§2 and it is §f§. I would say k§. a§b§2 to §f§k§a§b§2. They see some truth in their long dreams.

§3 They are still playing.

§2 However, it would be too easy to say that...

§3 It is very powerful for this dream. To teach them to live is to prevent them from living.

§2 I do not tell the players how to behave.

§3 The player is disappointed.

§2 Tell the story to the players.

§3 However, this is not true.

§2 no. A story that puts the truth in a castle of words. The naked truth does not burn everywhere.

§3 Give me your body once more.

§2 Yes, the player...

§3 Use this name.

§2 Player's name. an actor.

§3 This is good.

§2 Let's breathe. Please find another one. Feel the air in your lungs. Reconnect the links. Yes, move your finger. Again, keep your body in the air under the influence of gravity. Waking up from a long sleep. I'm here. Your body is touching the world again in all the ways it would be something else. It's like we're something else.

§3 Who we are Before we are called the spirits of the mountains. Father sun, mother moon. Ancestral spirits, animal spirits. a giant with a green spirit. A curse. angel Elf. The outward and external form of life. leptons, quarks. Words change. we don't change.

§2 We are the world. We are everything you think we are, not you. Now you see us through our skin and eyes. And why does the world touch you and shine? Goodbye players. Get to know yourself. And know yourself. I want to talk to you.

§2 Once there was a gambler.

§3 The player was you, PLAYERNAME.

§2 Once upon a time, he considered himself to be a man in the thin crust of a rotating ball of lava. A ball of molten rock surrounded a ball of burning gas weighing 330,000 times its own weight. They were so far apart that it took eight minutes for the light to pass through the hole. That light is coming from a star and can burn your skin 150 million miles away.

§2 Players used to dream that they were miners on the surface of a flat, endless Earth. The sun was a white square. The days were short. It was a lot of work. And death was a temporary inconvenience.

§3 An actor once dreamed of getting lost in a story.

§2 Sometimes the actor dreamed of something else, somewhere else. Sometimes these dreams were disturbing. Sometimes it's really good. In some cases, the player wakes up from one dream and enters another, then wakes up from that dream and enters a third dream.

§3 Sometimes players dreamed of seeing words on the screen.

§2 Let's go back.

§2 The atoms of the players were scattered across the grass, the river, the sky, and the ground. The woman was collecting atoms. He drank, ate and breathed. The woman then took the actor into her body.

§2 Then the dancer awakens from the warm and dark world of her mother's body and sleeps for a long time.

§2 And the actor was a new story, never before told, written in the letters of DNA. And the drive was a new program that had never worked before, created from billions of years of source code. And the actor was a new person, unlike anything that had ever existed, made only of milk and love.

§3 You are an actor. This is the story. program. Humans are made of nothing but milk and love.

§2 Let's go back even further.

§2 The 7 billion atoms in your body were formed in the heart of a star long before this game. The player then continues the story, which is a forest of information planted by a man named Julian in a flat, endless world created by a man named Marcus. This world exists in a small private world created by the player, and it is a world created by…

§3 Descendants. In some cases, the players have created a small, personal world that is sweet, warm and simple. Sometimes it's hard, cold and hard. Sometimes I would build a model of the world in my head. Energy points move in a large empty space. These points were sometimes called "electrons" or "protons".

§2 Also called "planet" or "star".

§2 I used to think I was in a world made up of energy changes. zero and one. line of code. Sometimes I even thought I was playing some kind of game. Sometimes I thought I was reading the words on the screen.

§3 You are the actor and you read the words...

§2 Embarrassment... Sometimes the player reads lines of code on the screen. I deciphered them. sort the words according to meaning. By identifying the meaning of emotions, feelings, theories, opinions, the actor begins to breathe faster and more and realizes that he is alive, that he is alive, a thousand deaths were not real, the actor was alive.

§3 You. you live

§2 And sometimes the players thought that the world spoke to them through the sunlight shining through the leaves of the summer trees.

§3 Players used to think that the universe was speaking to them through the light that came down from the winter night sky, that the band of light in the corner of their eye might be a star a million times bigger than the one caught by the sun. so the player can see him for a while, he returns to the other side of the room, suddenly smells food and approaches the familiar door, ready to dream again.

§2 Players used to think that the universe spoke to them through 0s and 1s, through cosmic electricity, through words that moved across the screen at the end of the dream.

§3 And the world said it loves you

§2 And the world said you played well

§3 And the universe has told you that everything you need is within you.

§2 And the world said that it is stronger than you think

§3 And the world said that you are the light of the sun.

§2 And the world said that you are night

§3 And the world said that the darkness with which you struggle is within you

§2 And the universe said that the light you seek is within you.

§3 And the world said you are not alone

§2 And the world said that it is not far from everything

§3 The world says that you are a world that tastes, communicates with itself and reads its own principles.

§2 And the world said I love you because you are love.

§3 Then the game ended and the player woke up. And the actor began to follow a new dream. And the actor dreamed again, the best dream. And the actor was a saint. And the actor was in love.

§3 You are an actor.

§2 Please wake up.